[1.14.x] Rewrite docs for Registries (#297)
MinecraftForge/Documentation: docs/concepts/registries.md

Here is an example: (the event handler is registered on the *mod event bus*)

```java
@SubscribeEvent
public void registerBlocks(RegistryEvent.Register<Block> event) {
    event.getRegistry().registerAll(new Block(...), new Block(...), ...);
}
```

!!! note
    Some classes cannot by themselves be registered; instead, `*Type` classes are registered, and used in the formers' constructors. For example, [`TileEntity`][tileentity] has `TileEntityType`, and `Entity` has `EntityType`. These `*Type` classes are factories that simply create the containing type on demand. 
    
    These factories are created through the use of their `*Type.Builder` classes. An example: (`REGISTER` refers to a `DeferredRegister<TileEntityType>`)
    ```java
    public static final RegistryObject<TileEntityType<ExampleTile>> EXAMPLE_TILE = REGISTER.register(
        "example_tile", () -> TileEntityType.Builder.create(ExampleTile::new, EXAMPLE_BLOCK.get()).build(null)
    );
    ```

> Injecting Values Using @ObjectHolder

Reviewer: I would still like a section on `RegistryObject` before this.

Author: Done, one section of `RegistryObject` as ordered.

Registries
==========

> Registration is the process of taking the objects of a mod (such as items, blocks, sounds, etc.) and making them known to the game. Registering things is important, as without registration the game will simply not know about these objects in a mod and will cause unexplainable behavior and crashes. 

Reviewer 2: > the game will simply not know about these objects in a mod and will cause unexplainable behavior and crashes. 

I would replace `and will` with `which will`

Author: Will do.

> Most things that require registration in the game are handled by the Forge registries. A registry is a object similar to a map that assigns values to keys. Forge uses registries with [`ResourceLocation`][ResourceLocation] keys to register objects. This allows the `ResourceLocation` to act as the "registry name" for objects. The registry name for an object may be accessed with `#getRegistryName`/`#setRegistryName`. The setter can only be called once; calling it twice results in an exception. 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Most things that require registration in the game are handled by the Forge registries. A registry is an object similar to a map that assigns values to keys. Forge uses registries with [`ResourceLocation`][ResourceLocation] keys to register objects. This allows the `ResourceLocation` to act as the "registry name" for objects. The registry name for an object may be accessed with `#getRegistryName`/`#setRegistryName`. The setter can only be called once; calling it twice results in an exception. 
```

Author: Thank you, didn't catch that mistype.

> Every type of registrable object has its own registry. To see all registries supported by Forge, see the `ForgeRegistries` class. All registry names within a registry must be unique. However, names in different registries will not collide. For example, there's a `Block` registry, and an `Item` registry. A `Block` and an `Item` may be registered with the same name `example:thing` without colliding; however, if two `Block`s or two `Item`s were registered with the same exact name, an exception will occur.

Reviewer 3: is it necessary to specify that names can be the same between registries? you just said they are act as maps, so this seems like a given to me.

Author: I wrote this because a) it was in the original docs, and I adapted it, and b) when I was recently coding my mod, I forgot that `Block`s and `TileEntity`s don't need seperate names because they're in seperate registries. 
This is mostly to remind beginners that, yes, you can have a `Block` with 'example:thing', and create its ItemBlock also as `example:thing`, and they won't collide.

Reviewer: In fact it's necessary for them to collide to make the block->item map pick up the relationship

Methods for Registering
------------------

> There are two proper ways to register objects: the `DeferredRegister` class, and the `RegistryEvent.Register` lifecycle event.

Reviewer 3: This much is true i guess, but you should mention ObjectHolders since they are a key part in accessing registry information.

Author: I think that, instead of mentioning `ObjectHolder` again, I'll just move the creating registries section to the bottom of the page, so the section on registering and the section on `ObjectHolder`s are next to each other.

### DeferredRegister

> `DeferredRegister` is the newer, documented, and recommeded way to register objects. It allows the use and convenience of static initialisers while avoiding the issues associated with it. It simply maintains a list of suppliers for entries and registers the objects from those suppliers during the proper `Register` event.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
`DeferredRegister` is the newer, documented, and recommended way to register objects. It allows the use and convenience of static initialisers while avoiding the issues associated with it. It simply maintains a list of suppliers for entries and registers the objects from those suppliers during the proper `Register` event.
```

> `DeferredRegister` is the newer, documented, and recommeded way to register objects. It allows the use and convenience of static initialisers while avoiding the issues associated with it. It simply maintains a list of suppliers for entries and registers the objects from those suppliers during the proper `Register` event.

Reviewer 3: i corrected recommended but i would consider dropping the word altogether. since it is just another way. However it is highly frowned upon to use static inits, that much is true.

Author: I'll just drop the word, since it is just another way. However, I'm keeping it at the top of the list, to subtly suggest beginners to use it first before trying the `RegistryEvent.Register` events.

}
```

### `Register` events

The `RegistryEvent`s are the second and more flexible way to register objects. These [events][] are fired after the mod constructors and before the loading of configs.

> The event used in registering objects is the `RegistryEvent.Register<T>`. The type parameter `T` should be set to the type of the object being registered. Calling `#getRegistry` will return the registry, upon which objects are registered with `#register` or `#registerAll`. 

Reviewer 3: specify that T has to extend IForgeRegistryEntry? a pure suggestion, not sure.

Author: Telling that to the modder, especially the beginners, means having to make a sentence relaying the use of `IForgeRegistryEntry`. Only modders making custom registries need to know what `IForgeRegistryEntry` means (and there's already a sentence in that section). Better to just keep it as abstract as possible.

`RegistryEvent.Register<?>` events are fired in this order: first, the `Block` registry, then the `Item` registry, and then all other registries in alphabetical order. 

> Here is an example: (note that the event handler must be registered on the *mod event bus* in the mod constructor)

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Here is an example: (The RegistryEvents must be added to the *mod event bus*)
```
Not sure about my phrasing, but yours seemed a bit subjective.

Author: Reading that, it does seem... off to me.
```suggestion
Here is an example: (the event handler is registered on the *mod event bus*)
```
Might that work instead?

Reviewer 3: sure

```java
@SubscribeEvent
public void registerBlocks(RegistryEvent.Register<Block> event) {
    event.getRegistry().registerAll(block1, block2, ...);
}
```

!!! note

>     `TileEntity` and `Entity` cannot be registered; instead, `TileEntityType` and `EntityType` are registered, and used in `TileEntity`/`Entity` constructors. These are created through the use of `TileEntityType.Builder` and `EntityType.Builder`, respectively. An example: (`REGISTER` refers to a `DeferredRegister<TileEntityType>`)

Reviewer 3: Maybe specify ContainerType as well? Also could include that the "Type" classes are basically factories for the actual objects.

Author: Forgot about `ContainerType`, whoops. I'll include that, and that `*Type` classes are factories.

    ```java
    public static final RegistryObject<TileEntityType<ExampleTile>> EXAMPLE_TILE = REGISTER.register(
        "example_tile", () -> TileEntityType.Builder.create(ExampleTile::new, EXAMPLE_BLOCK.get()).build(null)
    );
    ```

Creating Custom Registries
-------------------

Custom registries are created by using `RegistryBuilder` during the `RegistryEvent.NewRegistry` event. The class `RegistryBuilder` takes certain parameters (such as the name, the `Class` of its values, and various callbacks for different events happening on the registry). Calling `RegistryBuilder#create` will result in the registry being built, registered to the `RegistryManager`, and returned to the caller for additional processing.

> The `Class` of the value of the registry must implement `IForgeRegistryEntry`, which defines that `#setRegistryName` and `#getRegistryName` can be called on the objects of that class. It is recommended to extend `ForgeRegistryEntity`, the default implementation instead of implementing the interface directly. When `#setRegistryName(String)` is called with a string, and that string does not have an explicit namespace, its namespace will be set to the current modid.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The `Class` of the value of the registry must implement `IForgeRegistryEntry`, which defines that `#setRegistryName` and `#getRegistryName` can be called on the objects of that class. It is recommended to extend `ForgeRegistryEntry`, the default implementation instead of implementing the interface directly. When `#setRegistryName(String)` is called with a string, and that string does not have an explicit namespace, its namespace will be set to the current modid.
```

Author: Thank you, didn't catch that mistype.

The Forge registries can be accessed through the `ForgeRegistries` class. All registries, Forge-provided or custom, can be retrieved by calling `GameRegistry.findRegistry(Class)` with the appropriate class for the registry. For example, the registry for `Block`s can be retrieved by calling `GameRegistry.findRegistry(Block.class)`.

Injecting Values Using @ObjectHolder
-------------------------------------

> It is possible to have Forge inject registered object from registries into the `public static` fields of classes. This is done by annotating classes or fields with `@ObjectHolder` and supplying enough information to construct a `ResourceLocation` that identifies a specific object in a specific registry.

Reviewer 3: you dont specify when final is needed

Author: As stated in the bulleted rules on `@ObjectHolder`:
```markdown
    * the **enclosing class** has an `@ObjectHolder` annotation, and the field is `final`, then:
```

}
```

### `Register` events

The `RegistryEvent`s are the second and more flexible way to register objects. These [events][] are fired after the mod constructors and before the loading of configs.

The event used in registering objects is the `RegistryEvent.Register<T>`. The type parameter `T` should be set to the type of the object being registered. Calling `#getRegistry` will return the registry, upon which objects are registered with `#register` or `#registerAll`. 

> `RegistryEvent.Register<?>` events are fired in this order: first, the `Block` registry, then the `Item` registry, and then all other registries in alphabetical order. 

Reviewer 2: > and then all other registries in alphabetical order. 

While Block and Item are first the other registries are not ordered in any way. Mods shouldn't break even if the registry events were called in a random order every startup.

Author: ```java
// GameData.class, fireRegistryEvents(), L951-952, MC 1.14.4, mappings 20190719-1.14.3
// GameData.class, fireRegistryEvents(), L978-979, MC 1.15.2, mappings 20200514-1.15.1
List<ResourceLocation> keys = Lists.newArrayList(RegistryManager.ACTIVE.registries.keySet());
keys.sort((o1, o2) -> String.valueOf(o1).compareToIgnoreCase(String.valueOf(o2)));
```
The javadoc for `String#compareToIgnoreCase` is:
 > Compares two strings lexicographically, ignoring case differences.

So, current registry behavior is that Block and Item are first (evidenced by the lines following the aforementioned code), then all other registries in lexicographical/alphabetical order. This is supported by looking at run logs, which give the stated order (`minecraft:block`, `minecraft:item`, the `forge` registries in alphabetical order, then the `minecraft` registries in alphabetical order). Forge registries run before Minecraft ones because `f`orge is higher than `m`inecraft.

I somewhat agree that mods shoudn't break when registry events after Block and Item are random. However, by having the registries load in lexicographical order, it gives modders confidence that this registry will *always* be run before another. I don't know how that knowledge will benefit the modder, but at least they have it.

Reviewer 4: That is the problem: you shouldn't give modders the confidence that registries will load in a certain order, since registries should be completely indipendent of each other. Moreover, as outlined in FAP20, there was an idea to make registry events parallel, meaning that multiple registry events may fire at the same time on different threads.

Author: But that idea of parallel registry events are still that: an idea. Until Forge changes from the current behavior, we should still document the current behavior.

Once parallel registry events are introduced and registry loader order cannot be guaranteed, this line will be removed. For now, it exists to inform the modder that there is an load order: Blocks, then Items, then everything else.

To me, it also guides a person from deducing: "So, Blocks are always after Items? So, I can at least reference Blocks in the Items registry event load."

Reviewer 2: My comment was based on FAP20 where they talked about how the registries could be called in parallel. Them running in alphabetical order is not a feature, it's just how it happens to work. If it's noted in the documentation someone might base their code on it and find out in a few versions it doesn't work anymore. I think we either shouldn't mention the order in which they are called at all or already mention one should assume the order is random.

Author: So, after re-watching that part of FAP20, it does seem that random registry load order may happen in the future. Since I do not want to put an assumption into documentation that currently contradicts current behavior, I'll remove that paragraph altogether.
